board/moves/pieces/MovementCalculator.java
 board.moves.pieces.MovementCalculator
 board.moves.pieces.MovementCalculator$1
api/json/challenge/property/Input.java
 api.json.challenge.property.Input
board/moves/calculator/PossibleMovesCalculator.java
 board.moves.calculator.PossibleMovesCalculator
board/Position.java
 board.Position
game/kingcheck/attacked/PawnAttackedStrategy.java
 game.kingcheck.attacked.PawnAttackedStrategy
api/TestingClass.java
 api.TestingClass
board/Board.java
 board.Board
board/moves/calculator/PieceMoveStrategy.java
 board.moves.calculator.PieceMoveStrategy
game/kingcheck/attacked/KingSafety.java
 game.kingcheck.attacked.KingSafety
board/moves/pieces/KnightMovement.java
 board.moves.pieces.KnightMovement
game/kingcheck/attacked/KnightAttackedStrategy.java
 game.kingcheck.attacked.KnightAttackedStrategy
game/kingcheck/attacked/AttackedStrategy.java
 game.kingcheck.attacked.AttackedStrategy
game/kingcheck/attacked/QueenAttackedStrategy.java
 game.kingcheck.attacked.QueenAttackedStrategy
board/pieces/Piece.java
 board.pieces.Piece
reader/ConsoleReader.java
 reader.ConsoleReader
api/json/challenge/property/Challenger.java
 api.json.challenge.property.Challenger
board/setup/BoardSetup.java
 board.setup.BoardSetup
board/pieces/Bishop.java
 board.pieces.Bishop
api/json/challenge/AcceptChallenge.java
 api.json.challenge.AcceptChallenge
board/pieces/Pawn.java
 board.pieces.Pawn
api/challenges/Challenge.java
 api.challenges.Challenge
api/bot/MakeABotMove.java
 api.bot.MakeABotMove
board/moves/pieces/PieceMovement.java
 board.moves.pieces.PieceMovement
game/kingcheck/attacked/BishopAttackedStrategy.java
 game.kingcheck.attacked.BishopAttackedStrategy
api/json/challenge/property/Output.java
 api.json.challenge.property.Output
board/moves/calculator/pieces/BishopMoveCalculator.java
 board.moves.calculator.pieces.BishopMoveCalculator
api/account/AccountUpgrade.java
 api.account.AccountUpgrade
board/pieces/King.java
 board.pieces.King
PostRequests.java
 PostRequests
board/pieces/Queen.java
 board.pieces.Queen
game/GameBoard.java
 game.GameBoard
board/moves/pieces/KingMovement.java
 board.moves.pieces.KingMovement
board/moves/pieces/QueenMovement.java
 board.moves.pieces.QueenMovement
game/kingcheck/attacked/XrayAttack.java
 game.kingcheck.attacked.XrayAttack
board/pieces/EmptyPiece.java
 board.pieces.EmptyPiece
board/moves/pieces/BishopMovement.java
 board.moves.pieces.BishopMovement
board/OptimizedBoard.java
 board.OptimizedBoard
board/moves/calculator/pieces/KnightMoveCalculator.java
 board.moves.calculator.pieces.KnightMoveCalculator
game/MovesCalculator.java
 game.MovesCalculator
api/RequestAPI.java
 api.RequestAPI
api/json/challenge/ListYourChallenges.java
 api.json.challenge.ListYourChallenges
board/moves/Move.java
 board.moves.Move
board/moves/pieces/PawnMovement.java
 board.moves.pieces.PawnMovement
board/moves/Movement.java
 board.moves.Movement
api/games/GetMyOwnGoingGames.java
 api.games.GetMyOwnGoingGames
board/moves/pieces/RookMovement.java
 board.moves.pieces.RookMovement
api/RequestController.java
 api.RequestController
api/games/owngame/NowPlaying.java
 api.games.owngame.NowPlaying
board/pieces/Rook.java
 board.pieces.Rook
board/moves/calculator/pieces/QueenMoveCalculator.java
 board.moves.calculator.pieces.QueenMoveCalculator
board/pieces/Knight.java
 board.pieces.Knight
board/moves/calculator/pieces/RookMoveCalculator.java
 board.moves.calculator.pieces.RookMoveCalculator
board/moves/results/Endgame.java
 board.moves.results.Endgame
board/moves/calculator/pieces/PieceMoveCalculator.java
 board.moves.calculator.pieces.PieceMoveCalculator
board/moves/calculator/pieces/KingMoveCalculator.java
 board.moves.calculator.pieces.KingMoveCalculator
board/moves/MoveConvertor.java
 board.moves.MoveConvertor
board/pieces/PieceType.java
 board.pieces.PieceType
board/moves/calculator/pieces/PawnMoveCalculator.java
 board.moves.calculator.pieces.PawnMoveCalculator
 board.moves.calculator.pieces.PawnMoveCalculator$1
game/kingcheck/attacked/RookAttackedStrategy.java
 game.kingcheck.attacked.RookAttackedStrategy
api/Controller.java
 api.Controller
Main.java
 Main
